Demo forms and some config to use custom contact types. (#6998)
medic/cht-core: demo-forms/custom_contacts/README.MD

> # Applying Sample Custom Contact Types

Reviewer: Let's add a link with a brief "oh yeah - custom contact types!" sentence to this document on the [current readme](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/custom_contacts/demo-forms/readme.md).  This will facilitate discovery among other thing.

> 1. Download the current `app_settings.json`

Reviewer: While I think it's clear you mean [this one](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/master/config/default/app_settings.json) (right?), we should give them a deep link right here to make it easier.

Author: I'll clear this up. It is the `app_settings.json` from your current instance.

> 1. Replace the existing `contact_types` with the contents of [contact_types.json](contact_types.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Edit the `app_settings.json` file and replace the existing `contact_types` JSON with the contents of [contact_types.json](contact_types.json)
```

> 1. Upload the change to `app_settings.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upload the change to `app_settings.json` by using `medic-conf`.  This should work if you're in the `cht-core/config/default` directory: `medic-conf --local compile-app-settings upload-app-settings`
```

Author: I added the details using the admin app.

> 1. Download the english language file.

Reviewer: I actually don't know what this step is/how to do it.  Link? More info? Maybe [this file](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/master/config/default/translations/messages-en.properties)?

Author: You can download the language file from the admin app, modify it, and then upload in the same page.

> 1. Download the english language file.

Reviewer: Is this the right language to clarify?

```suggestion
1. Download the English language file `cht-core/config/default/translations/messages-en.properties` from the default config
```

Author: This would be the file from your instance. Likely would end up in your downloads folder.

> 1. Add the translation keys in [en_translations](en_translations.properties)

Reviewer: Ah, yes, looks like it was [that file ](https://github.com/medic/cht-core/blob/master/config/default/translations/messages-en.properties);)

```suggestion
1. Edit the `messages-en.properties` file and append the translation keys in [en_translations](en_translations.properties) at the bottom of the  `messages-en.properties`  file.
```

> 1. Upload the translation file. 

Reviewer: Help 'em out here with the `medic-conf` call to do this.

Author: I didn't put `medic-conf` for these operations because the admin interface is nicer to me.

Author: Updated with where in the admin app to upload/download.

> 1. Upload the contact forms using medic-conf `medic-conf upload-contact-forms`

Reviewer: Is `--local` implied when you don't add it explicitly?!  that'd be awesome! if not, please add.

Author: I'll add it if `--local` is what we document. However, there are many options for instances. I feel like having `--local` in one place and not others could be confusing.  Especially since `--local` requires you to have env vars set that you don't really need to use medic-conf.

Author: added note about <instance>

> 1. Now you will have a few custom contact types added to your instance. 

Reviewer: Maybe add another step to tell the user where to see these  or how to verify the new contact types have been added?

Author: Will do.

> 1. Add the translation keys in [en_translations](en_translations.properties)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the translation keys in [en_translations](en_translations.properties) to the end of the `messages-en.properties` file you downloaded in the prior step.
```

> 1. Upload the translation file from "App Management" -> "Display" -> "Languages" -> "English" -> "Upload" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upload the edited `messages-en.properties` translation file from "App Management" -> "Display" -> "Languages" -> "English" -> "Upload" 
```

> 1. Upload the contact forms using medic-conf `medic-conf <instance> upload-contact-forms`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upload the included contact forms with `medic-conf`. Ensure you're in the `cht-core/demo-forms/custom_contacts` directory and call:  `medic-conf <instance> upload-contact-forms`
```

> 1. Now you will have a few custom contact types added to your instance. For example if you choose to "Add place" the option for "New NGO" will now be visible and you can select "Doctor" for the role under this type of place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now you will have a few custom contact types added to your instance. For example if you choose to "Add place" the option for "New NGO" will now be visible and you when you select "Add Person" for a facility you will see "New Doctor".
```
